hi everyone welcome to thrifty crafts
today we're going to cook a vegan dish
which will be a traditional Korean
kimchi but vegan so it's a very nice
traditional dish yet without all the
fish ingredients you want to press pause
here and have a careful look at all the
ingredients you're going to need and
you're also gonna have other
requirements such as a bowl blender
cheesecloth and a plastic glove and this
is a bowl of leeks and radish along with
some garlic and pine nuts I just wanted
to show you what your ingredients should
look like once you've gathered them all
together but step one very important
step is you need to pickle some sliced
radish and they need to be soft and you
need to hold on make sure you don't get
rid of the liquid because you're gonna
need them later then step two you want
to dice all your leeks and your Korean
radish and and the leeks you want to cut
about an inch and then cut them
vertically going with the grain this is
just for presentation it just looks a
little cleaner and nicer and it looks
more appetizing so here's a dish of
leeks and radish it should look like
that you should have two leeks in there
and one radish all diced up and there's
a Korean radish all dice if you have a
Dicer table that would make your life a
lot easier if you're making kimchi
next step what we're going to do is
blend ginger Spanish onion garlic pine
nuts and the pickled radish with the
fluid all together now they're not gonna
all fit in the blender so you're
probably going to have to divide them up
and if you don't like pine nuts you can
skip out on the pine nuts the more pine
nuts you put the more pine nut flavor
you'll get out of the kimchi but you can
always skip that so here we go we're
going to blend everything together by
the way if you have Windex at home
instead of using Windex you can make
your own cleaner with vinegar and water
quarter vinegar and three-quarters water
and it works just like Windex but it's
better for your health and the
environment so now what we're going to
do is put on the gloves and pour all
that blended stuff into a cheesecloth
now what we need is just the liquid so
we're not going we're gonna make sure
that we strain out all the other
residues and you're going to have to do
this a few times so you're going to have
to squeeze out all the juice and again
blend everything remaining and squeeze
it again and you're gonna do this over
and over again until you squeeze out all
the juice out of the ingredients that
we're blending together now if you need
some more fluid you can always use the
the strained fluid again and put it back
into the blender that's fine but you're
just gonna have to string it out again
this will just help the blending process
a little more
step six you want to add the blended
fluid to the bowl of week and radish so
make sure you put them all together and
then we're going to add the hot pepper
flakes now you can use mild hot pepper
flakes depending on how spicy you want
your kimchi to be and you also want to
use your flakes accordingly because if
you want it really spicy you can add as
much as we're adding here if you can't
handle spice as much you might want to
reduce the amount of hot flicks that
will be going into the bowl and of
course you want to stir occasionally to
make sure you are mixing them all
together
if you're wondering why there's so many
is a block of hot pepper flakes it's
because we're using different spice
level of hot pepper flakes you can mix
them up you can put really hot mix it
with mild or you can just put spicy or
you can just put mild it's up to you I
know we're putting a lot of hot pepper
flakes here it's very very spicy
traditional kimchi then we also wanted
to add two and a half tablespoon of salt
as well and don't forget to taste it a
little bit you want to make sure that
it's not too salty I also want to
include here that sea salt is much
better for you and it's also tastier
then you want to add one tablespoon of
honey just to get a little bit of
sweetness and this is what you should be
left with now what we're going to do is
show you how to marinate the cabbage you
want to cut off some of the stem it's a
little bit Brown don't worry that's just
things from the soil and you can just
cut those pieces off like so
and if you see any brown meats you also
want to get rid of those as well now
once you have your cabbage in your bowl
you want to take some of the marination
and just dab it all over and do it
generously and you want to put more on
the bottom and less as you go to the top
as the leaves get smaller and just apply
them everywhere generously with your
gloves on this is where gloves come in
very handy because you don't want your
hands to smell like garlic for the next
week or have the red stains so once
you've put all these marination all over
the cabbage what you want to do is wrap
them if you can with the last leaf kind
of and twirling around the rest of them
so it's just so that everything holds
together and they may not always look
like that and that's okay the whole
point is just a smear all the marination
all over the cabbage
and don't forget to do it layer by layer
so peel each leaf at a time as you apply
the stuffing the kimchi stuffing
and again you want to make sure that you
have a stainless steel container or a
glass container make sure you don't put
it in plastic containers it's not good
for your health and you'll find that it
tastes a lot better in a glass container
possible and that's it so thanks for
watching and I hope to see you next time